data scientist - someone who finds new discoveries
	look for meaning, knowledge inthe data
	1. visualize the data, look at it, create reports, look for patterns
		similar to a Busine Intel ana, or Biz Ana
	2. Distinguished by their use of ALGORITHMS, advanced algos that run 
	through the data, looking for all this meaning
		thats a fundamental tool
	to use thos algos must have foundaiton of math, stat, and in some cases
	comp sci and domain knowledge

	- given a data set and a question
		"eg. what customer are likely to churn?"
		gather data, run algo till a reliabel pattern arises to answer
		that question
		"how can I improve the recommendations i nthe recomendaiton engine"

	data scientist use combo of data and algorithms
	fundamental knowledge of a data scientist is to try and understand thos ealgorithms

who is a data scientist?
	who is NOT a data scientist?
		a dats scientists is not a a JAVA Programmer who knows Hadoop
		- you can't bill yourself as a data scientist because you
		have certain technical skills. Thats not a data sicentist
		they must understand the discover techniques and the algorithms
	data scientist is NOT a Business Intelligence Analyst
		they may create reports and dashboards, but they are doing that
		based on what they THINK is important in the data.
		- a data scientists may HYPOTHESIZE what htey thikn is important
		but they're going to use these algorithms to kinda of confirm
		these hypothesis.

The data scientist is like the overlap of the Programmer and Biz Intel Ana
- the ovelrap is knowledge of algos stats math scientific method

You can become a data scientist withou t getting a masters, etc by using tools
the toosl help do the heavy lifitng. give biz person ability to do some type
of data science work.

What is the discovery life cycle of data science?
	1. understand and prep the data
	70-80% of your time is spent on assembling that data
	not efficient. e.g. making a sql statement or text-mining
	not efficent of the data scientists skills
	- you cna give that to an integraitosn specialist or techincal
	specialist

	ETL shodl be for other people, not the data scientists
	Dat Scientist shoudl focus on the discovery process, finding new
	models


-------------

Data Types
	Booleans	True	False

List
	li = []
	li.append('ant')
	li.pop() # removes ant

x = {1,1,2,2,3,3} makes a set of just 1,2,3 like set([1,2,3])
if y were a set, you can do
x & y
x | y
x - y
y-x which is different
and 3 in x which give boolean True of False

for a dict z, such as {'a':'b', 'c':3}
z.keys() is ['a','c']
z.values() is ['b',3]

def wtf():
	""" doc string of stuff """
	return 1

the strong up ther is consdiered a docstinrg, since it is the first line
in the function. We can use it to say how the function works.
then to read it. call the function with .func_doc
like wtf.func_doc and it will print the string

import collections # different dictionary
